README.md, before:

# Hanami Ruby 3.0

Monkey patches Hanami components to support Ruby 3.0

## Overview

To use this gem, make sure your app works with Ruby 2.7.6.

This should only be installed for a short time, during the Hanami Upgrade process.
It just overrides a few of the Hanami classes, replacing code raising deprecation
warnings with updated code supported Ruby 3.0 syntax.

## Warning!!!

This code just overrides the Hanami components, does not introduce tests of any sort.
Before you upgrade your Ruby version, make sure, that your code is covered with tests,
and your deprecations tracked.

## Usage

In your project, install overrides for the given classes

```ruby
gem 'hanami-utils', github: 'swilgosz/hanami-utils', branch: '1.3.x-support-ruby-3.0'
gem 'hanami-ruby3', path: '../hanami-ruby3'
```

Then load overrides in the `environment.rb`, after loading Hanami files.

```ruby
require 'hanami/setup'
require 'hanami/ruby3'
```

With this, you should not have any Ruby Deprecation warnings and you should be fine do update to Ruby 3.0

Commit message:

Release the strict dep requirement for Hanami version
Hanami can be installed with version 1.3.5 if custom hanami-utils are installed.

README.md, after:

# Hanami Ruby 3.0

Monkey patches Hanami components to support Ruby 3.0

## Overview

To use this gem, make sure your app works with Ruby 2.7.6.

This should only be installed for a short time, during the Hanami Upgrade process.
It just overrides a few of the Hanami classes, replacing code raising deprecation
warnings with updated code supported Ruby 3.0 syntax.

## Warning!!!

This code just overrides the Hanami components, does not introduce tests of any sort.
Before you upgrade your Ruby version, make sure, that your code is covered with tests,
and your deprecations tracked.

## Usage

In your project, install overrides for the given classes

```ruby
# custom-hanami-utils is required to allow installing Hanami 1.3.5 with ruby 3
gem 'hanami-utils', github: 'swilgosz/hanami-utils', branch: '1.3.x-support-ruby-3.0'
gem 'hanami-ruby3'
```

Then load overrides in the `environment.rb`, after loading Hanami files.

```ruby
require 'hanami/setup'
require 'hanami/ruby3'
```

With this, you should not have any Ruby Deprecation warnings and you should be fine do update to Ruby 3.0
